by the way tomorrow is a big day
tomorrow is the one-year anniversary of
Donald Trump winning the election it's
crazy and the crazy thing
we're already 80% of the way through
this presidency it's amazing you know a
lot of people say Trump hasn't
accomplished anything and I that's
actually it's unfair because since this
time last year he's played golf more
than 70 times and that's a record folks
and of course a lot of Americans almost
70 percent of them are less than
thrilled about this milestone there are
events scheduled across the country
tomorrow where people plan to get
together to scream into the void for
real there's a Facebook page organizing
people to quote scream helplessly at the
sky tomorrow which is kind of funny but
it's also very dumb it and a waste of
time
maybe instead of screaming helplessly
you could do something tomorrow
something positive for instance I've
spoken a lot about health care on this
show and I've been critical of what
President Trump and half of Congress has
been trying to do but I will also say
this enrollment just started I think it
started on November 1st for the new
health care plan and it actually has a
lot of good stuff in it it covers
pre-existing conditions it has no
lifetime caps you can keep your kids on
it and it's surprisingly affordable
especially for people making under
$50,000 so to the president I say good
for you for putting this out there we do
a lot of criticizing we should also
highlight the positive when it's
warranted so even if you don't support
president Trump watches keep an open
mind and if you don't have health
insurance maybe after you see this go to
the website and sign up America it's
time for Trump care great health care
for your family that won't break the
bank
everybody's gonna be taking care much
better than taking care of now Trump
care has all the benefits you need
coverage for pre-existing conditions no
lifetime caps a great package of
essential benefits and thanks to
President Donald J Trump
you can now keep your kids on your plan
up to age 26
now that
affordable care sign up now at
healthcare.gov well look at that well
thank you mr. president and if you're
interested go to healthcare.gov and it
only works if a lot of people sign up so
post this video to Facebook share it
with your friends eat shirt with your
liberal friends maybe they will look at
it maybe level think twice let's all
work together to get the word out about
Trump care and thank you again
presidents from hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you like that click the subscribe button
below and good things will happen
forever